[Docs] Documenting auto-mount (#1404)
mlrun/mlrun: docs/runtimes/functions.md

<img src="../_static/images/runtime-scaling.png" alt="runtime-scaling" width="400"/>

## Applying storage configurations to functions

> In the vast majority of cases, an MLRun function would require access to storage. This storage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the vast majority of cases, an MLRun function requires access to storage. This storage
```

> may be used to provide inputs to the function such as data-sets to process or data-streams that contain input events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
may be used to provide inputs to the function including data-sets to process, or data-streams that contain input events.
```

> Storage would usually also be used to store function outputs and result artifacts, such as trained models or processed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Typically, storage is used to store function outputs and result artifacts. For example, trained models or processed
```

data-sets.

> As MLRun function may be distributed and executed in Kubernetes pods, the storage used would in most cases be a shared

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sine MLRun functions may be distributed and executed in Kubernetes pods, the storage used would typically be shared, and execution pods would need some added configuration options applied to them so that the function code is able to access the designated storage.
```

> storage, and execution pods would need some configurations applied to them to allow the function code access to the 

Reviewer: Delete this line.

> storage in question. These configurations may be k8s volume mounts, specific environment variables that contain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These configurations may be k8s volume mounts, specific environment variables that contain
```

> configuration and credentials and so on. Note that these storage configurations are not applicable to functions running

Reviewer: Not sure what the "so on" means. Generally speaking you should continue the sentence with something like "and other configuration or security settings". This may not be what you mean by "son on" but try not to use the so on.

> configuration and credentials and so on. Note that these storage configurations are not applicable to functions running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configuration and credentials and so on. Note, these storage configurations are not applicable to functions running
```

> locally in the development environment, as they are executed in the local context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
locally in the development environment, since they are executed in the local context.
```

The common types of shared storage are:

1. `v3io` storage through API - When running as part of the Iguazio system, MLRun would have access to the system's v3io

> storage, through paths such as `v3io:///projects/my_projects/file.csv`. To enable this type of access, several

Reviewer: ```suggestion
storage through paths such as `v3io:///projects/my_projects/file.csv`. To enable this type of access, several
```

> environment variables need to be configured in the pod, providing the v3io API URL and access keys

Reviewer: ```suggestion
environment variables need to be configured in the pod which provide the v3io API URL and access keys.
```

> 2. `v3io` storage through Fuse mount - Some tools cannot utilize the `v3io` API to access it, and need basic filesystem

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. `v3io` storage through FUSE mount - Some tools cannot utilize the `v3io` API to access it and need basic filesystem
```

> semantics. For that purpose, `v3io` provides a Fuse (Filesystem in user-space) driver that can be used to mount `v3io` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
semantics. For that purpose, `v3io` provides a FUSE (Filesystem in user-space) driver that can be used to mount `v3io` 
```

> containers as specific paths in the pod itself, such as `/User`. To enable this, several specific volume mount 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
containers as specific paths in the pod itself. For example, `/User`. To enable this, several specific volume mount 
```

> configurations need to be applied to the pod spec

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configurations need to be applied to the pod spec.
```

3. NFS storage access - When MLRun is deployed as open-source, independent of Iguazio, the deployment automatically adds

> a pod running NFS storage. To access this NFS storage through pods, a kubernetes `pvc` mount is needed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a pod running NFS storage. To access this NFS storage through pods, a kubernetes `pvc` mount is needed.
```

> 4. Others - As use-cases evolve, other cases of storage access may be needed, requiring various configurations to be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Others - As use-cases evolve, other cases of storage access may be needed. This will require various configurations to be
```

> applied to function execution pods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
applied to function execution pods.
```

MLRun attempts to offload this storage configuration task from the user by automatically applying the most common 

> storage configuration to functions. Due to this, in most cases no additional storage configuration will be required 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
storage configuration to functions. As a result, most cases will not require any additional storage configurations 
```

before executing a function as a Kubernetes pod. The configurations applied by MLRun are:

> * In an Iguazio system, apply configurations needed to access `v3io` through the API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In an Iguazio system, apply configurations for `v3io` access through the API
```

> * In an open-source deployment where NFS is configured, apply `pvc` configuration to access the NFS storage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In an open-source deployment where NFS is configured, apply configurations for `pvc` access to NFS storage
```

This MLRun logic is referred to as **auto-mount**.

### Disabling auto-mount
In cases where the default storage configuration does not fit the function needs, MLRun allows for function spec 
modifiers to be manually applied to functions. These modifiers can add various configurations to the function spec, 

> adding environment variables, mounts and so on. MLRun also provides a set of common modifiers which can be used to apply 

Reviewer: Try to avoid the "so on".

storage configurations.

> These modifiers can be applied by using the `.apply()` method on the function, providing the modifier to apply. Some 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These modifiers can be applied by using the `.apply()` method on the function and adding the modifier to apply. 
```

> examples of using this are found later in this page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see some examples of this later in this page.
```

> When a different storage configuration is manually applied to a function, MLRun's auto-mount logic is disabled, to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a different storage configuration is manually applied to a function, MLRun's auto-mount logic is disabled. This 
```

> prevent conflicts between configurations. The auto-mount logic can also be disabled by setting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
prevents conflicts between configurations. The auto-mount logic can also be disabled by setting
```

`func.spec.disable_auto_mount = True` 
on any MLRun function. 

> ### Modifying auto-mount default configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Modifying the auto-mount default configuration
```

The default auto-mount behavior applied by MLRun can be controlled by setting MLRun configuration parameters. 

> For example, the logic can be set to automatically mount `v3io` Fuse driver on all functions, or perform `pvc` mount for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the logic can be set to automatically mount the `v3io` FUSE driver on all functions, or perform a `pvc` mount for
```

NFS storage on all functions.

> For example, the following code can be used to apply `v3io` Fuse driver by default:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code demonstrates how to apply the `v3io` FUSE driver by default:
```

    # Change MLRun auto-mount configuration
    from mlrun.config import config as mlconf

    mlconf.storage.auto_mount_type = "v3io_fuse"

Each of the auto-mount supported methods applies a specific modifier function. The supported methods are:
* `v3io_credentials` - apply `v3io` credentials needed for `v3io` API usage. Applies the 

> {py:meth}`~mlrun.platforms.v3io_cred` modifier

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{py:meth}`~mlrun.platforms.v3io_cred` modifier.
```

> * `v3io_fuse` - create Fuse driver mount. Applies the {py:meth}`~mlrun.platforms.mount_v3io` modifier

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `v3io_fuse` - create FUSE driver mount. Applies the {py:meth}`~mlrun.platforms.mount_v3io` modifier.
```

* `pvc` - create a `pvc` mount. Applies the {py:meth}`~mlrun.platforms.mount_pvc` modifier.

> * `auto` - the default auto-mount logic as described above (either `v3io_credentials` or `pvc`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `auto` - the default auto-mount logic as described above (either `v3io_credentials` or `pvc`).
```

> * `none` - perform no auto-mount (same as using `disable_auto_mount = True`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `none` - perform no auto-mount (same as using `disable_auto_mount = True`).
```
